This project, titled "centralized activity registration system," aims to streamline and improve the registration process for extracurricular activities at the Department of Computer Applications(MCA). Currently, the registration process relies on staff members who must inform students manually or through circular, which can be time-consuming and inefficient. This is particularly challenging when students are absent or miss important announcements, this is overcomed by using this app. This project is developed using android studio(java) and backend as firebase. the app consist of signup and signin page for both user and admin. For signup you need to give your name, email, password, rollnumber and mobile number. The details are stored in the database using firebase realtime database which is more reliable and real-time. For signin it verified using email and password. The authentication is using firebase authentication. In home page there are six events and a navigation bar, It consist of drive upload, report and logout. In the event page of any event which consist of a dashboard, where you receive links for registering the events. but you need to send a request to the admin to access the link, if the admin approves your request you can access the link instantly. The drive upload consist of drive links which has been sent by the admin for the sudents attendance. The students need to upload their certificates or proof to get attendance. The report is send through email to the admin, the report may be of a bug or a feedback or any issues. In the admin page there are six text views to send links to the user, and you can send or delete the link, which is stored in the database. And below the link session there is request list which consist of the requests from the user, the admin can reject or accept the request for each six events. The approved and rejected users details are also stored in the database for further use. It has a navigation bar, which includes accepted requests, upload drive link, users and logout. The accepted includes accepted users details for attendance. The upload consist of six edit texts, where the drive link is send to the user. users includes the total users who are all signuped.
